com/example/lerntic/Model/UserCourses.java
 com.example.lerntic.Model.UserCourses
 com.example.lerntic.Model.UserCourses$1
com/example/lerntic/CoursesByNotUserIdQuery.java
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$Builder
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$CoursesByNotUserId
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$CoursesByNotUserId$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$CoursesByNotUserId$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$Data
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$Data$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$Data$1$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$Data$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$Data$Mapper$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$Data$Mapper$1$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$Variables
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByNotUserIdQuery$Variables$1
com/example/lerntic/View/Profile.java
 com.example.lerntic.View.Profile
 com.example.lerntic.View.Profile$1
 com.example.lerntic.View.Profile$2
 com.example.lerntic.View.Profile$3
 com.example.lerntic.View.Profile$4
 com.example.lerntic.View.Profile$5
 com.example.lerntic.View.Profile$6
 com.example.lerntic.View.Profile$7
com/example/lerntic/Controller/Quices.java
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.Quices
com/example/lerntic/Controller/AllOtherCourses_controller.java
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.AllOtherCourses_controller
com/example/lerntic/SignUpMutation.java
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation$1
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation$Builder
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation$Data
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation$Data$1
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation$Data$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation$Data$Mapper$1
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation$SignUp
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation$SignUp$1
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation$SignUp$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation$Variables
 com.example.lerntic.SignUpMutation$Variables$1
com/example/lerntic/Controller/Adapter_AllActivities.java
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.Adapter_AllActivities
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.Adapter_AllActivities$ViewHolderDatos
com/example/lerntic/CoursesByUserIdQuery.java
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$Builder
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$CoursesByUserId
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$CoursesByUserId$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$CoursesByUserId$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$Data
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$Data$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$Data$1$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$Data$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$Data$Mapper$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$Data$Mapper$1$1
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$Variables
 com.example.lerntic.CoursesByUserIdQuery$Variables$1
com/example/lerntic/Model/Objects/user.java
 com.example.lerntic.Model.Objects.user
com/example/lerntic/View/Register.java
 com.example.lerntic.View.Register
 com.example.lerntic.View.Register$1
com/example/lerntic/type/CustomType.java
 com.example.lerntic.type.CustomType
 com.example.lerntic.type.CustomType$1
com/example/lerntic/Controller/Adapter_Friends.java
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.Adapter_Friends
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.Adapter_Friends$ViewHolderDatos
com/example/lerntic/FeedbacksQuery.java
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery$1
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery$Builder
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery$Data
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery$Data$1
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery$Data$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery$Data$Mapper$1
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery$FeedbackById
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery$FeedbackById$1
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery$FeedbackById$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery$Variables
 com.example.lerntic.FeedbacksQuery$Variables$1
com/example/lerntic/Controller/Adapter_Courses.java
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.Adapter_Courses
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.Adapter_Courses$ViewHolderDatos
com/example/lerntic/View/Course_detail.java
 com.example.lerntic.View.Course_detail
 com.example.lerntic.View.Course_detail$1
 com.example.lerntic.View.Course_detail$2
 com.example.lerntic.View.Course_detail$3
 com.example.lerntic.View.Course_detail$4
com/example/lerntic/type/AccountInput.java
 com.example.lerntic.type.AccountInput
 com.example.lerntic.type.AccountInput$1
 com.example.lerntic.type.AccountInput$Builder
com/example/lerntic/Model/login.java
 com.example.lerntic.Model.login
 com.example.lerntic.Model.login$1
com/example/lerntic/Model/NotUserCourses.java
 com.example.lerntic.Model.NotUserCourses
 com.example.lerntic.Model.NotUserCourses$1
com/example/lerntic/Controller/Login_controller.java
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.Login_controller
com/example/lerntic/Model/RegisterFunc.java
 com.example.lerntic.Model.RegisterFunc
 com.example.lerntic.Model.RegisterFunc$1
com/example/lerntic/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.lerntic.BuildConfig
com/example/lerntic/Model/Objects/course.java
 com.example.lerntic.Model.Objects.course
com/example/lerntic/Model/Objects/friend.java
 com.example.lerntic.Model.Objects.friend
com/example/lerntic/View/MainActivity.java
 com.example.lerntic.View.MainActivity
 com.example.lerntic.View.MainActivity$1
 com.example.lerntic.View.MainActivity$2
com/example/lerntic/MyFriendsQuery.java
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$1
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$Builder
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$Data
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$Data$1
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$Data$1$1
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$Data$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$Data$Mapper$1
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$Data$Mapper$1$1
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$MyFriend
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$MyFriend$1
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$MyFriend$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$Variables
 com.example.lerntic.MyFriendsQuery$Variables$1
com/example/lerntic/SignInQuery.java
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery$1
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery$Builder
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery$Data
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery$Data$1
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery$Data$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery$Data$Mapper$1
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery$SignIn
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery$SignIn$1
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery$SignIn$Mapper
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery$Variables
 com.example.lerntic.SignInQuery$Variables$1
com/example/lerntic/Controller/Adapter_achievements.java
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.Adapter_achievements
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.Adapter_achievements$ViewHolderDatos
com/example/lerntic/Controller/UserCourses_controller.java
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.UserCourses_controller
com/example/lerntic/Model/ApolloConnector.java
 com.example.lerntic.Model.ApolloConnector
com/example/lerntic/Controller/Register_controller.java
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.Register_controller
com/example/lerntic/View/OwnCourses.java
 com.example.lerntic.View.OwnCourses
 com.example.lerntic.View.OwnCourses$1
 com.example.lerntic.View.OwnCourses$2
 com.example.lerntic.View.OwnCourses$3
 com.example.lerntic.View.OwnCourses$4
 com.example.lerntic.View.OwnCourses$5
com/example/lerntic/View/AllActivities.java
 com.example.lerntic.View.AllActivities
 com.example.lerntic.View.AllActivities$1
 com.example.lerntic.View.AllActivities$2
 com.example.lerntic.View.AllActivities$3
 com.example.lerntic.View.AllActivities$4
 com.example.lerntic.View.AllActivities$5
com/example/lerntic/View/Achievements.java
 com.example.lerntic.View.Achievements
 com.example.lerntic.View.Achievements$1
 com.example.lerntic.View.Achievements$2
 com.example.lerntic.View.Achievements$3
 com.example.lerntic.View.Achievements$4
com/example/lerntic/Model/AddedFriends.java
 com.example.lerntic.Model.AddedFriends
 com.example.lerntic.Model.AddedFriends$1
com/example/lerntic/Controller/friends_controller.java
 com.example.lerntic.Controller.friends_controller
com/example/lerntic/View/friends.java
 com.example.lerntic.View.friends
 com.example.lerntic.View.friends$1
 com.example.lerntic.View.friends$2
 com.example.lerntic.View.friends$3
 com.example.lerntic.View.friends$4
